Update README.md (#4012)
recognai/rubrix: README.md

</p>
</h3>

## What is Argilla?

> Argilla is an open-source platform for data-centric LLM development. It provides scalable oversight and integrates human feedback loops for continuous LLM refinement.

Author: ```suggestion
Argilla is an open-source platform for data-centric LLM development. Integrates human and model feedback loops for continuous LLM refinement and oversight.
```
